Add Kyma environment broker component (#554)
kyma-incubator/compass: components/kyma-environment-broker/README.md

# Kyma Environment Service Broker

## Overview

The Kyma Environment Service Broker provide a way to run Kyma as a service on different providers like: AWS, GCP or Azure.

> The broker provides a Service Class which installs Kyma with 3 separate Service Plans for each provider.

Reviewer: in the terms of OSB API, broker provides serivces (not service classes)

It uses the Compass Provisioner API to install Kyma on the given cluster.

> 

Reviewer 2: Maybe you could write something more about how to run the broker itself? Some words about the parameters.

# Kyma Environment Broker

## Overview

Kyma Environment Broker provides a way to run Kyma as a Runtime on clusters provided by different cloud providers, such as AWS, GCP or Azure.
The broker provides services that install Kyma with a separate plan for each provider.

> It uses the Compass Provisioner API to install Kyma on the given cluster. For more information, go to the [docs](../../docs/kyma-environment-broker/) directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It uses the Compass Provisioner API to install Kyma on the given cluster.
```

## Development

> Use the following environment variables to configure the Kyma Environment Service Broker:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following environment variables to configure the Kyma Environment Broker:
```

> # Kyma Environment Service Broker

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
# Kyma Environment Broker
```

## Overview

> The Kyma Environment Service Broker provide a way to run Kyma as a service on different providers like: AWS, GCP or Azure.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Kyma Environment Broker provides a way to run Kyma as a Runtime on clusters provided by different cloud providers, such as AWS, GCP or Azure.
```

> The broker provides a services which installs Kyma with a separate plan for each provider.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The broker provides services that install Kyma with a separate plan for each provider.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Please remove the gaps between sentences.

> It uses the Compass Provisioner API to install Kyma on the given cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It uses the Compass Provisioner API to install Kyma on the given cluster. For more information, go to the [docs](../../docs/kyma-environment-broker/) directory.
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Development
```

> Use the following environment variables to configure the `Kyma Environment Service Broker`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following environment variables to configure the Kyma Environment Service Broker:
```

| Name | Required | Default | Description |
|-----|:---------:|--------|------------|
| **APP_PORT** | No | `8080` | The port on which the HTTP server listens. |
| **APP_PROVISIONING_URL** | No |  | Specifies an URL to the provisioner API. |

> | **APP_PROVISIONING_SECRET_NAME** | No | | Specifies the name of the Secret which holds credentials to the provisioner API. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **APP_PROVISIONING_SECRET_NAME** | No | | Specifies the name of the Secret which holds credentials to the Provisioner API. |
```

> | **APP_PROVISIONING_GARDENER_PROJECT_NAME** | No | `true` | Defines the used gardener project name. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **APP_PROVISIONING_GARDENER_PROJECT_NAME** | No | `true` | Defines the used Gardener project name. |
```

| **APP_PROVISIONING_GCP_SECRET_NAME** | No | | Defines the name of the Secret which holds credentials to GCP. |
| **APP_PROVISIONING_AWS_SECRET_NAME** | No | | Defines the name of the Secret which holds credentials to AWS. |

> | **APP_PROVISIONING_AZURE_SECRET_NAME** | No | | Defines the name of the Secret which holds credentials to AZURE. |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **APP_PROVISIONING_AZURE_SECRET_NAME** | No | | Defines the name of the Secret which holds credentials to Azure. |
```
